Now let's do a summary
of the accounts best practices.
So first, if you want to operate multiple accounts,
it is recommended you use AWS organizations.
And if you want to restrict
which account can do what, their power,
then you should use SCP for service control policies.
It's very easy
for you to set up multiple accounts
with best security practices with AWS Control Tower,
which is sitting on top of organizations.
You should use tags and cost allocation tags
for easy management and billing in your accounts.
And you need to remember the IAM guidelines,
such as enabling multifactor authentication, MFA,
the lease privilege, creating a password policy
and enabling password rotation.
Use AWS Config to record all resource configurations
and compliance over time
in case something goes wrong.
CloudFormation is extremely helpful to deploy stacks
across multiple accounts and regions,
and for you to really manage all these accounts all at once.
Trusted Advisor is great to get insights
and to find the right support plan adapted to your needs.
Send your service logs and access logs
through Amazon S3 or CloudWatch logs,
maybe even in a separate account for logging
just as you adhere to the best security practices.
Use CloudTrail to record API calls made within your accounts
or in different regions and so on.
And then if your account happens to be compromised,
then please change the root password,
delete and all passwords and keys,
and contact the AWS Support.
Finally, you can use AWS Service Catalog
to allow users to create predefined stacks
that are defined by administrators in the first place.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.